# State Secretariat for Economic Affairs SECO Sanctions/Embargoes

Since 1 January 2003, the Federal Act on the Implementation of International
Sanctions (Embargo Act, EmbA) has formed the legal basis for the implementation
of sanctions imposed by Switzerland. The Embargo Act is framework legislation
that regulates general matters (aim, scope of authority, duty of disclosure,
supervision of compliance, data protection, administrative and legal
assistance, rights of appeal, criminal provisions). Specific measures such as
those taken in relation to a particular state or regime are contained in
separate ordinances based on this Act. Prior to the EmbA coming into force,
sanctions were based directly on provisions of the Federal Constitution
(Art. 184 Abs.3).

* https://www.seco.admin.ch/seco/en/home/Aussenwirtschaftspolitik_Wirtschaftliche_Zusammenarbeit/Wirtschaftsbeziehungen/exportkontrollen-und-sanktionen/sanktionen-embargos.html

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Friedrich Lindenberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
